"# Project3" 

Summary: This is a grocery tracking program. It reads in the file called Inventory.txt and places the information into GroceryItem set. Methods such as addItem(), getName(), and getQuantity() will be utilized to display the item and it's quantity. It will have menu with options such as Search for an item, dispay all frequencies, and print histogram. The user will be able to search for an item and if in the list, then it will also display the quantity of that item. The next option will print all for the grocery items and their quantity. The third option will display a histogram to represent the quantity. The last option will be to exit the program. This program will also have input validation to make sure the program works correctly and provide error messages for the user to enter the correct option. This project will also create a data file named Frequency.dat to back up the accumulated data. 
I did particularly well on the data file creation for Frequency.dat and having the menu option for exit.
I need more work on the rest of the code. I needed to utlize the addItem() method in menu one, two, and three. There is an error reading in the input and will need to incorporate addItem() so that the quantity is increased when the item is an existingItem. 
Writing the code for reading the item was difficult and implementing the pointers. I am still trying to overcome by going back and watching the lecturee videos and project info. I am also looking into more videos that would help me understand better. I have been using youtube videos and khan academy. Not only for this class but also learning new skills, I use edx, khan academy, code and codecaemy. 
Skills such as reading file, creating data file (output), input validation, loops, pointers, object-oriented concepts such as inheritance, encapsulation, polymirphism, and data abstraction, and industry-standard documentation are skills that can be transferred over to other projects and other coursework. 
Creating a class and adding good documentation (although I need to be better at this) helps the program be maintainable, readable, and adaptable. Also using industry standard best practices such as having white spaces, naming conventions, and documentation will help maintain the readability, adaptibility, and maintainability of the program. 
